a heavily divided European Union
struggling to reach a consensus on Gaza
with more than 25,000 Palestinians dead
and many facing hunger the EU has failed
to agree on a call for a ceasefire
Germany Europe's largest economy is
among those firmly rejecting the
idea Israel can only live in safety if
Palestinians are able to live in safety
and in dignity Palestinians are only
able to live in safety if Israel is safe
that's why the two State Sol is the only
solution Minister c a two-state solution
is that acceptable the Israeli foreign
minister who addressed the EU foreign
council did not respond to questions on
a Palestinian state but the European
Union insists it's the only way to end
the conflict which are the other
solution they have in
mind to make all the Palestinians live
to kill off them 25,000 already in Gaza
70% of women and
childrens certainly the way of trying to
destroy Hamas is not the way they are
doing because they are seeding the hate
for
Generations the EU peace plan for a
two-state solution was discussed with
foreign ministers from Saudi Arabia
Egypt Jordan and the Arab League they
aim to hold a peace conference most
likely without Israeli and Palestinian
representatives and offer their plan to
the conflicting parties later I think uh
a moment of truth is upon us uh the
whole world has to decide do we allow a
radical racist agenda to uh dictate the
future or do we all come together and
say the path is clear uh we want peace
for everybody in the region and uh the
two-state solution is the only path the
question is can the EU pressure Israel
to accept the plan the EU doesn't have
the power to enforce it is a big pair in
in terms of the conflict it is the
biggest it keeps advertising this fact
it's the biggest contributor to to
Palestine in terms of international
donors but it hasn't been able uh to
exert any geopolitical Cloud to match
its economic cloud with the situation in
Gaza worsening by the day and Israel
rejecting a Palestinian State the EU
peace plan may sound abstract especially
since the block can't agree on a
ceasefire but trying to revive the
two-state solution is all they can offer
for now step fast and Al jazer
Brussels make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from
Al